valor =	 8   palavra = cdb
valor =	 8   palavra = aabc
valor =	 20   palavra = ra
valor =	 16   palavra = na
valor =	 54   palavra = bruma
valor =	 42   palavra = leve
valor =	 28   palavra = das
valor =	 78   palavra = paixões
valor =	 43   palavra = que
valor =	 32   palavra = vêm
valor =	 10   palavra = de
valor =	 78   palavra = dentro
valor =	 41   palavra = tu
valor =	 61   palavra = vens
valor =	 59   palavra = chegando
valor =	 36   palavra = pra
valor =	 65   palavra = brincar
valor =	 29   palavra = no
valor =	 39   palavra = meu
valor =	 94   palavra = quintal
valor =	 29   palavra = no
valor =	 47   palavra = teu
valor =	 52   palavra = cavalo
valor =	 38   palavra = cabelo
valor =	 17   palavra = ao
valor =	 75   palavra = vento
//////////ORDENADO//////////
valor =	 8   palavra = cdb
valor =	 8   palavra = aabc
valor =	 10   palavra = de
valor =	 16   palavra = na
valor =	 17   palavra = ao
valor =	 20   palavra = ra
valor =	 28   palavra = das
valor =	 29   palavra = no
valor =	 29   palavra = no
valor =	 32   palavra = vêm
valor =	 36   palavra = pra
valor =	 38   palavra = cabelo
valor =	 39   palavra = meu
valor =	 41   palavra = tu
valor =	 42   palavra = leve
valor =	 43   palavra = que
valor =	 47   palavra = teu
valor =	 52   palavra = cavalo
valor =	 54   palavra = bruma
valor =	 59   palavra = chegando
valor =	 61   palavra = vens
valor =	 65   palavra = brincar
valor =	 75   palavra = vento
valor =	 78   palavra = paixões
valor =	 78   palavra = dentro
valor =	 94   palavra = quintal
